---
title: "事件Events"
description: "Android版Mapbox Maps SDK中有关地图事件的文档。 了解有关地图单击、猛击、移动和其他Mapbox地图事件的信息。"
prependJs:
  - "import AndroidActivityToggle from '../../../components/context-dependent/android-activity-toggle';"
contentType: guide
language:
- Java
- Kotlin
---

Maps SDK提供了多种监听地图事件Events的方式。 下面列出了SDK提供的大多数侦听器。 但是，您有时也会在其他概述文档中找到不同于这些的其他监听器。

## 地图单击和长单击事件

可以通过`MapboxMap`对象设置点击（轻拍）事件，并在每次事件发生时触发回调。 在这两种情况下，回调都会提供一个描述用户点击在地图上的位置`LatLng`。 要添加`onClick`监听器到地图，请在应用程序代码中插入以下代码段：

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="click-events"

java={`

mapboxMap.addOnMapClickListener(new MapboxMap.OnMapClickListener() {
  @Override
  public boolean onMapClick(@NonNull LatLng point) {

	Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, String.format("User clicked at: %s", point.toString()), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
	
	return true;
  }
});
`}

kotlin={`
mapboxMap.addOnMapClickListener { point ->
	Toast.makeText(this, String.format("User clicked at: %s", point.toString()), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()
	
	true
}
`}

/>
}}

### 从屏幕像素转换

当需要知道用户手势发生在屏幕上的位置时，可以将`LatLng`的点转换为屏幕像素。 MapboxMap对象提供了地图的`Projection`，这允许您使用`mapboxMap.getProjection().toScreenLocation(<LatLng>);`将`LatLng`坐标转换成屏幕像素。 当已经获得以像素为单位的屏幕位置并且需要将其转换为相应的`LatLng`对象时，可以使用相反的转换方法。

A common use case for converting the values between `LatLng` and pixel coordinates is when you'd like to query a map layer or source to, for example, determine whether the users clicked on a POI. You can read more on how to do this in the [Query map features](/android/maps/overview/query/) documentation.
在“ LatLng”和像素坐标之间转换值的常见用例是，当您想查询地图图层或源时，例如，确定用户是否点击了POI。 您可以在[查询地图功能]（/ android / maps / overview / query /）文档中阅读更多有关如何执行此操作的信息。

## Camera change events

The map's camera is the view looking down on the maps flat plane. In almost all cases, you'll be interacting with the camera to adjust the map's starting zoom and target position. The user also can manipulate the camera by performing gestures on the map such as pinch-to-zoom, two-finger move to tilt, and single finger moves to adjust the position.

The Map SDK provides a handful of camera change listeners which can tell you of any or specific camera movements. The SDK gives different camera listeners to determine if the camera movement was caused by a user gesture, built-in API animations, or a developer-controlled movement. The snippet below shows the various camera listeners available:

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="camera-change-events"

java={`

mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveStartedListener(new MapboxMap.OnCameraMoveStartedListener() {

  private final String[] REASONS = {"REASON_API_GESTURE", "REASON_DEVELOPER_ANIMATION", "REASON_API_ANIMATION"};

  @Override
  public void onCameraMoveStarted(int reason) {
  	Toast.makeText(SimpleMapViewActivity.this, String.format("OnCameraMoveStarted: %s", REASONS[reason - 1]), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
  }
});

mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveListener(new MapboxMap.OnCameraMoveListener() {
  @Override
  public void onCameraMove() {
    Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, "onCameraMove", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
  }
});

mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveCancelListener(new MapboxMap.OnCameraMoveCanceledListener() {
  @Override
  public void onCameraMoveCanceled() {
    Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, "onCameraMoveCanceled", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
  }
});

mapboxMap.addOnCameraIdleListener(new MapboxMap.OnCameraIdleListener() {
  @Override
  public void onCameraIdle() {
    Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, "onCameraIdle", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
  }
});
`}

kotlin={`
	mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveStartedListener(object : 		MapboxMap.OnCameraMoveStartedListener {
	
		private val REASONS = arrayOf("REASON_API_GESTURE", "REASON_DEVELOPER_ANIMATION", "REASON_API_ANIMATION")
		
		override fun onCameraMoveStarted(reason: Int) {
		    Toast.makeText(this@SimpleMapViewActivity, String.format("OnCameraMoveStarted: %s", REASONS[reason - 1]), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()
		}
	})
	
	mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveListener {
		Toast.makeText(this@SimpleMapViewActivity, "onCameraMove", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()
	}
	
	mapboxMap.addOnCameraMoveCancelListener {
		Toast.makeText(this@SimpleMapViewActivity, "onCameraMoveCanceled", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()
	}
	
	mapboxMap.addOnCameraIdleListener {
		Toast.makeText(this@SimpleMapViewActivity, "onCameraIdle", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()
	}
`}  

/>
}}



## On fling & on move events

Besides the camera change listeners, the `MapboxMap` object allows you to listen into when the user moves or flings the map. A move event occurs when the user drags a single finger across the screen causing the camera position to change. A similar action from the user will cause the `onFling` callback to be invoked, but the user performs the gesture with more momentum. Only one of these events will be fired once when the user performs the particular gesture.

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="on-fling-and-move-events"

java={`

mapboxMap.addOnMoveListener(new MapboxMap.OnMoveListener() {
  @Override
  public void onMoveBegin(MoveGestureDetector detector) {
    
    
  }
  @Override
  public void onMove(MoveGestureDetector detector) {
    
    
  }
  @Override
  public void onMoveEnd(MoveGestureDetector detector) {
    
    
  }
});


mapboxMap.addOnFlingListener(new MapboxMap.OnFlingListener() {
  @Override
  public void onFling() {
    Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, "onFling", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
  }
});
`}

kotlin={`

mapboxMap.addOnMoveListener(object : MapboxMap.OnMoveListener {
  override fun onMoveBegin(detector: MoveGestureDetector) {
    
    
  }
  override fun onMove(detector: MoveGestureDetector) {
    
    
  }
  override fun onMoveEnd(detector: MoveGestureDetector) {
    
    
  }
})

mapboxMap.addOnFlingListener {

Toast.makeText(this@MainActivity, "onFling", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show()

}
`}

/>
}}


## Marker and info window events

The Maps SDK provides a handy listener for capturing when a user taps on a marker. By default, all markers come with an `onMarkerClick` event listener for displaying and hiding info windows. You can override this default event listener and set your own with the `setOnMarkerClickListener` method.

To display a toast message with the clicked marker’s title, listen for a click event with `setOnMarkerClickListener` and finally call Toast.makeText(). To prevent displaying a toast message and an info window at the same time, return true at the end:

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="marker-events"

java={`

mapboxMap.setOnMarkerClickListener(new MapboxMap.OnMarkerClickListener() {
  @Override
  public boolean onMarkerClick(@NonNull Marker marker) {
    Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, marker.getTitle(), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
    return true;
  }
});
`}

kotlin={`

mapboxMap.setOnMarkerClickListener { marker ->

	Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, marker.getTitle(), Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();

}
`}

/>
}}


In a similar case, the info window offers a handful of listeners for being notified when an info windows clicked, long clicked, or when a user closes the window.

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="info-window-events"

java={`

mapboxMap.setOnInfoWindowLongClickListener(new MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowLongClickListener() {
  @Override
  public void onInfoWindowLongClick(@NonNull Marker marker) {
    
  }
});

mapboxMap.setOnInfoWindowCloseListener(new MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowCloseListener() {
	@Override
	public void onInfoWindowClose(@NonNull Marker marker) {
	
	}
});

mapboxMap.setOnInfoWindowClickListener(new MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowClickListener() {
  @Override
  public boolean onInfoWindowClick(@NonNull Marker marker) {
    return false;
  }
});

`}

kotlin={`
mapboxMap.onInfoWindowLongClickListener = MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowLongClickListener {
                    
}
                                
mapboxMap.onInfoWindowCloseListener = MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowCloseListener {
    
}

mapboxMap.onInfoWindowClickListener = MapboxMap.OnInfoWindowClickListener {

    false
}
`}

/>
}}


## Map change events

The `MapView` goes through a series of lifecycle events while building and changing the map. The Maps SDK provides many different change listener interfaces to tell you when a specific map event has occurred.

Instead of adding a listener to the `MapboxMap` object, each listener is added to a `MapView` object. For example `OnDidFinishRenderingMapListener` and `addOnDidFinishLoadingMapListener`.

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="window-change-events"

java={`
mapView.addOnDidFinishRenderingMapListener(new MapView.OnDidFinishRenderingMapListener() {
	@Override
	public void onDidFinishRenderingMap(boolean fully) {

	// The map has finished rendering


​	    
	}
});
`}

kotlin={`
mapView.addOnDidFinishRenderingMapListener {

	// The map has finished rendering

}
`}

/>
}}

You can also implement the specific change event interface and override its method. The interface callback is then invoked when a new map change occurs.

The listeners listed below are in the order in which the events occur during a `MapView`'s life.

| Map change event listener               | Description                                                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `OnCameraWillChangeListener`            | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region is about to change without an animation. |
| `OnCameraDidChangeListener`             | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region finished changing without an animation. |
| `OnWillStartLoadingMapListener`         | This event is triggered when the map is about to start loading a new map style. |
| `OnWillStartRenderingMapListener`       | This event is triggered when the map will start rendering the map. |
| `addOnWillStartRenderingFrameListener`  | This event is triggered when the map will start rendering a frame. |
| `OnDidFinishRenderingFrameListener`     | This event is triggered when the map finished rendering a frame. |
| `OnCameraWillChangeListener`            | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region is about to change without an animation. |
| `OnCameraDidChangeListener`             | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region finished changing without an animation. |
| `OnDidFinishLoadingStyleListener`       | Triggered when a style has finished loading.                 |
| `OnDidFinishRenderingFrameListener`     | This event is triggered when the map finished rendering a frame. |
| `OnSourceChangedListener`               | Triggered when a source changes.                             |
| `addOnWillStartRenderingFrameListener ` | This event is triggered when the map will start rendering a frame. |
| `OnDidFinishRenderingFrameListener `    | This event is triggered when the map finished rendering a frame. |
| `OnDidFinishLoadingMapListener`         | This is triggered when the map has successfully loaded a new map style. |
| `addOnWillStartRenderingFrameListener`  | This event is triggered when the map will start rendering a frame. |
| `OnDidFinishRenderingMapListener`       | This event is triggered when the map is fully rendered.      |


Additional change events that are not part of the standard `MapView` lifecycle:

| Map change event listener     | Description                                                  |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `OnCameraIsChangingListener`  | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region is changing. |
| `OnCameraDidChangeListener`   | This event is triggered whenever the displayed map region finished changing with an animation. |
| `OnDidFailLoadingMapListener` | This event is triggered when the map has failed to load a new map style. |

Any of the map change event interfaces can be removed from the `MapView` object as well.

`addOnDidFinishLoadingStyleListener()` is useful if you're using runtime styling to change the Mapbox map style in real time. Here's how you'd use the constant:

{{
<AndroidActivityToggle
  id="window-click-listener-events"

java={`
mapView.addOnDidFinishLoadingStyleListener(new MapView.OnDidFinishLoadingStyleListener() {
	@Override
	public void onDidFinishLoadingStyle() {
	
	// The map is now ready for other changes
	
	}
});
`}

kotlin={`
mapView.addOnDidFinishLoadingStyleListener {

	// The map is now ready for other changes


}
`}

/>
}}